#summary If you want to code your own Connector, please read this page.
#labels Featured,Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =

WebSMS is built modular. This makes it very easy to implement new Connectors.
For WebSMS-2.* all Connectors are shipped within the WebSMS.apk file downloaded from here or from android market.
WebSMS-3 is a overall redesign of Connector-handling. It splits all Connectors, but ConnectorSMS, from WebSMS.apk. Each Connector is installed separately.
This makes it even more easy to build your own Connector and even deploy it on your own!

= Details =

To build your own Connector you will have to think about:

 # Where to host the code:
  * Should the code be hold by the [http://repo.or.cz/w/andGMXsms.git websms git repository]? You may even use this Google Codes site too.
  * Or will you host it on your own? I'd prefer to integrate it in WebSMS-repo. But there is no problem if you want it in your hands.
 # Who should publish it to market:
  * You may publish it on your own.
  * I may publish the Connector for you.

= API =

Well, as you decided where to implement your Connector, you will need the public API of WebSMS's Connector framework.

There is a javadoc run hosted [http://nossl.ub0r.de/~f/websms/doc/ here]. This build from the whole WebSMS project tree.

You may download the ConnectorExample from the git repo, or from download section (as soon it is available there).

With all this, you should be able to build and deploy your own Connector \o/
If something is unclear. Do not hesitate to ask me.