#summary How to set up the developergarden connector.
#labels FAQ,Phase-Support,Featured

Deutsch: [http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/wiki/DevelopergardenConnector_de]

In the sandbox mode you get 10 SMS/day for free!

= About Developer Garden =

The Developer Garden is Deutsche Telekom's developer community.

Deutsche Telekom is opening its interfaces, systematically pursuing its goal of open development. The Developer Garden Services allow developers to incorporate telecommunications services such as telephony and text messaging in their applications.

The Developer Garden Services enable users to use the following functions from their own applications:

  * Voice Call: Make phone calls between two subscribers in the mobile and fixed networks
  * Send SMS: Send text messages to the mobile and fixed networks
  * Conference Call: Plan and control conference calls in the mobile and fixed networks with up to 15 participants
  * IP Location: Geographical location of IP addresses


The Developer Garden APIs can be addressed via REST and SOAP. SDKs are available for standard programming languages along with comprehensive documentation. Developers receive personal support with any questions or problems they have via e-mail or Skype and can exchange experiences with other community members in the forum..


= Setup Account =

Steps to setup your Account:
  * Download and install the Connector.
  * Register on www.developergarden.com [https://www.developergarden.com/register here].
  * Login on www.developergarden.com [https://www.developergarden.com/login here].
  * Submit the SLA.
  * Click "My Garden"-> "Services", activate the service "Send SMS" and click SAVE.

= Charge Account =
  * In order to set your number as the "sender number" you have to charge your account.
  * Login on [http://www.developercenter.telekom.com/developer-center/id_44352276/index www.developercenter.telekom.com].
  * Click "My Account"-> "Account", click on "Top up account" and follow the steps.
  * It is possible to pay by: Credit Card, ClickandBuy, PayPal and Cell Phone.
  * The Developergarden Connector is only able to charge the main account (hauptkonto)!

= Setup Connector =
  * Enable the Developergarden-Connector.
  * Enter username.
  * Enter password
  * Select the Environment: Production(160 characters), Sandbox(130 characters) 
  * In the sandbox mode you get 10 SMS/day for free!
  * Validate your sender number

= Validation of the sender number =
  * You need to charge your account first!
  * Enter the settings of the Developergarden Connector.
  * Click on the last item.
  * Click on "add Number" and enter your phonenumber (eg. "+49171...") and click "Ok". 
  * Don't forget your international prefix code. More Info [http://countrycode.org/]
  * It works for the most German Provider.
  * A key will be send to your number via SMS.
  * Enter this key and click "Ok".
  * The phonenumber should be listed.
  * You can validate multiple numbers.
  * Click on the Phone number in the list.
  * Select "Set to Custom sender"
  * If you want to delete the validation of a Phone number select "delete"

You can change the "sender" any time in the WebSMS-App. Click on "Extras" and select "Custom Sender". Here are only characters allowed. No Phone numbers!

Flash SMS will show the SMS directly on the screen.

If you have problems feel free to ask.

Christian Kierdorf



=Using Send SMS to send SMSs in Germany and internationally (10 SMS per day free)=

The price for using Send SMS to send an SMS or flash SMS depends on the recipient's phone number. We distinguish between destination numbers within Germany and international phone numbers. International calls are classified according to the four tariff zones below.

Tariff zone 1

Afghanistan, Andorra, Angola, Anguilla, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Aruba, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bermuda, Bhutan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Cayman Islands, Central African Republic, Chad, Chile, Columbia, Comoros, Congo (Democratic Republic), Congo (Republic), Costa Rica, Cuba, Cyprus, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Ethiopia, Faroe Islands, Fiji, French Polynesia, Gabon, Gambia, Georgia, Ghana, Gibraltar, Guadeloupe, Greenland, Guatemala, Guinea, Guyana, Honduras, Iran (Islamic Republic), Iraq, Israel, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kenya, Korea (Republic), Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Laos (People's Democratic Republic), Latvia, Libya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macau, Madagascar, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Martinique, Mauritania, Mayotte, Mexico, Monaco, Mongolia, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands Antilles, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Palestine, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Qatar, Réunion, Russian Federation, Rwanda, Samoa, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Seychelles, Sierra Leone, Somalia, Korea (Democratic People's Republic), Sri Lanka, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Lucia, St. Vincent und the Grenadines, Sudan, Suriname, Swaziland, Syria (Arab Republic), China (Taiwan), Tajikistan, Tanzania (United Republic), Togo, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkmenistan, Turks and Caicos Islands, Uganda, Ukraine, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, United States of America, Vietnam, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe.

Tariff zone 2

Albania, Algeria, Australia, Ivory Coast, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Greece, Grenada, Guernsey (UK), Hungary, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Island of Man, Italy, Jersey (UK), Kazakhstan, Lebanon, Macedonia (former Yugoslavian Republic), Malawi, Mauritius, Moldova (Republic), Morocco, Mozambique, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Ro-mania, Serbia, Montenegro, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom.

Tariff zone 3

Belgium, France, Hong Kong (Special Administrative Region). Iceland, Netherlands, Austria, San Marino, Spain, Turkey

Tariff zone 4

China, Vatican City

=Sending SMSs=
 Price incl. VAT EUR

  * within Germany, per SMS and phone number............................................0,099
  * In tariff zone 1 countries, per SMS and phone number..................................0,105
  * In tariff zone 2 countries, per SMS and phone number..................................0,127
  * In tariff zone 3 countries, per SMS and phone number..................................0,165
  * In tariff zone 4 countries, per SMS and phone number..................................0,202


  