#labels Featured
== My-Cool-SMS · The fresh way to text ==

Use My-Cool-SMS to send SMS texts to mobile phones and receive SMS text messages to your My-Cool-SMS online number. It's quick, slick, simple and cuts your cost considerably when sending text messages abroad. It works from your computer, your mobile device and integrates with great apps for your iPhone, iPad, iPod or Android device.

WebSMS Android sends texts up to 765 characters, knows Unicode, displays your balance and integrates seamlessly with My-Cool-SMS Mobile Suite.

==== Pricing ====

Sends unlimited international SMS with My-Cool-SMS MOBILE ECO and MOBILE EDGE. Works with MOBILE PREPAID. Has no roaming charges whatsoever.

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/en/sms-pricing-sms-prepaid-sms-gateway/ref/websms Pricing]

=== Get Started! ====

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/en/sms-gateway-sms-app-sms-service-sms-provider-sms-api/ref/websms Get Started!]

[http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/downloads/detail?name=Connector-my-cool-sms.com-2.1.apk Download WebSMS Connector]


== Deutsch · My-Cool-SMS · Die frische Art zu texten ==

Benutze My-Cool-SMS um SMS Text Nachrichten zu verschicken und mittels Senderkennung oder eigener My-Cool-SMS Online Rufnummer zu empfangen. My-Cool-SMS ist schick, schnell und einfach zu bedienen und verringert deine Telefonkosten maßgeblich - insbesondere beim Versand ins Ausland. Es funktioniert von jedem Web-Browser und Mobilgerät aus und fügt sich nahtlos in die besten SMS Apps für iPhone, iPad, iPod und Android ein.

WebSMS Android sendet SMS Text Nachrichten mit bis zu 765 Zeichen, unterstützt Unicode, zeigt dein verbleibendes Guthaben an und klappt einwandfrei mit My-Cool-SMS.

==== Preise ====

Sendet unbegrenzt viele SMS Nachrichten mit MOBILE ECO und MOBILE EDGE Konten. Funktioniert mit MOBILE PREPAID und hat keinerlei Roaming-Gebühren.

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/en/sms-pricing-sms-prepaid-sms-gateway/ref/websms Preise]

==== Los geht's! ====

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/de/sms-gateway-sms-app-sms-senden-sms-empfangen-sms-provider-sms-api/ref/websms Los geht's!]

[http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/downloads/detail?name=Connector-my-cool-sms.com-2.1.apk WebSMS Connector runterladen]


== 	Español · My-Cool-SMS · La mejor forma de enviar mensajes de texto ==

Usa My-Cool-SMS para enviar mensajes a teléfonos móviles y recibe mensajes a tu número My-Cool-SMS en línea. Es rápido, ingenioso, simple y reduce tus costos considerablemente al enviar mensajes de texto al exterior. Funciona desde tu computador o tu móvil y se integra con grandiosas aplicaciones para tu iPhone, iPad, iPod o dispositivo Android.

WebSMS Android envía mensajes de hasta 765 caracteres, maneja Unicode, muestra tu saldo y se integra ininterrumpidamente con el Servicio My-Cool-SMS Móvil.

==== Precios ====

Envía mensajes internacionales ilimitados con My-Cool-SMS MÓVIL ECO y MÓVIL EDGE. Funciona con MÓVIL PREPAGO. No tiene ningún cargo alguno por 'roaming'.

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/es/sms-precios-sms-prepago-sms-portal/ref/websms Precios]

==== ¡Inicia! ====

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/es/sms-portal-sms-aplicacion-sms-servicio-sms-proveedor-sms-api/ref/websms ¡Inicia!]

[http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/downloads/detail?name=Connector-my-cool-sms.com-2.1.apk Descargar WebSMS Connector]


== Français · My-Cool-SMS · Le meilleur plan SMS ==

Envoyer et recevoir des messages texte SMS internationaux avec My-Cool-SMS C'est rapide, malin, simple et réduit considérablement les coûts lorsque vous envoyez des messages à l’étranger. Cela fonctionne depuis votre ordinateur, votre appareil mobile et peut être intégré avec de super applications pour votre iPhone, iPad, iPod ou appareil Android.

WebSMS envoie des messages jusqu'à 765 caractères, connaît Unicode et affiche votre solde. S'intègre parfaitement avec le pack Mobile My-Cool-SMS.

==== Prix ====

Envoie des messages texte SMS internationaux illimités avec My-Cool-SMS MOBILE ECO et MOBILE EDGE. Fonctionne avec MOBILE PRÉPAYÉ . Aucun frais d'itinérance quels qu'ils soient.

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/fr/sms-prix-sms-prepayee-sms-peripherique/ref/websms Prix]

==== Démarrer! ====

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/fr/sms-peripherique-sms-app-sms-service-sms-fournisseur-sms-api/ref/websms Démarrer!]

[http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/downloads/detail?name=Connector-my-cool-sms.com-2.1.apk Télécharger WebSMS Connector]


== Nederlands · My-Cool-SMS · De slimste manier om te smsen ==

Gebruik My-Cool-SMS om SMS teksten naar mobieltjes te sturen en SMS teksten op jouw My-Cool-SMS online nummer te ontvangen. Het is snel, sluw, simpel en verlaagt jouw kosten aanzienlijk bij het verzenden van SMS berichten in het buitenland. Het werkt op jouw computer, jouw mobiel apparaat en integreert met fantastische apps voor jouw iPhone, iPad, iPod of Android toestel.

WebSMS Android stuurt teksten t/m 765 lettertekens, kent Unicode, toont jouw saldo aan en integreert naadloos met My-Cool-SMS Mobile Suite.

==== Pricing ====

Verstuurt onbeperkt internationale SMS met My-Cool-SMS MOBILE ECO en MOBILE EDGE. Gaat met MOBILE PREPAID. Heeft geen roaming-kosten wat dan ook.

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/nl/sms-pricing-sms-prepaid-sms-gateway/ref/websms Pricing]

==== Aan de slag! ====

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/nl/sms-gateway-sms-app-sms-service-sms-aanbieder-sms-api/ref/websms Aan de slag!]

[http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/downloads/detail?name=Connector-my-cool-sms.com-2.1.apk Download WebSMS Connector]


== Polski · My-Cool-SMS · Najsprytniejszy sposób wysylania wiadomosci ==

Uzywaj My-Cool-SMS do wysylania wiadomosci SMS na telefony komórkowe oraz odbieraj wiadomosci tekstowe SMS na swoim numerze online My-Cool-SMS. Jest to szybki, sprytny i prosty sposób, ponadto obniza w znaczny sposób twoje koszty, gdy wysylasz wiadomosci za granice. Dziala na twoim komputerze lub telefonie komórkowym oraz integruje ze wspanialymi aplikacjami dla twoich urzadzen iPhone, iPad, iPod lub Android.

WebSMS Android wysyla wiadomosci z wykorzystaniem az do 765 znaków, wykorzystuje znaki Unicode, wyswietla twoje saldo pozostalych srodków oraz bezproblemowo integruje z pakietem My-Cool-SMS Mobile Suite.

==== Cennik ====

Wysyla bez ograniczen miedzynarodowe wiadomosci SMS za pomoca pakietów My-Cool-SMS MOBILE ECO oraz MOBILE EDGE. Dziala z pakietem MOBILE PREPAID. Nie ma zadnych kosztów roamingowych i tym podobnych.

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/pl/sms-bramka-sms-aplikacja-sms-serwis-sms-dostawca-sms-api/ref/websms Cennik]

==== Zacznij teraz! ====

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/pl/sms-wycena-sms-prepaid-sms-bramka/ref/websms Zacznij teraz!]

[http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/downloads/detail?name=Connector-my-cool-sms.com-2.1.apk Pobierz WebSMS Connector]


== Português · My-Cool-SMS · Sê inteligente ==

Usa My-Cool-SMS para enviar mensagens de texto para telemóveis e receber mensagens em teu número online My-Cool-SMS. É rápido, eficiente, simples e reduz teus custos consideravelmente ao enviar mensagens ao exterior. Funciona a partir de teu computador, telemóvel e integra-se com óptimas aplicações para teu iPhone, iPad, iPod ou aparelho Android.

WebSMS Android envia textos de até 765 caracteres, conhece Unicode, exibe teu saldo e integra-se perfeitamente com My-Cool-SMS Mobile Suite.

==== Preço ====

Envia mensagens internacionais ilimitadas com My-Cool-SMS MOBILE ECO e MOBILE EDGE. Funciona com MOBILE PREPAID. Não há qualquer cobrança por deslocamento .

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/pt/mensagens-preco-mensagens-pre-pago-mensagens-porta/ref/websms Preço]

==== Começa! ====

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/pt/porta-mensagens-aplicacoes-mensagens-servico-mensagens-provedor-mensagens-api-mensagens/ref/websms Começa!]

[http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/downloads/detail?name=Connector-my-cool-sms.com-2.1.apk Descargar WebSMS Connector]


== 	Руccкий · My-Cool-SMS · Лучший способ отправлять sms ==

Используйте My-Cool-SMS, чтобы отправлять SMS сообщения на мобильные телефоны и получать сообщения на ваш My-Cool-SMS онлайн номер. Это быстро, гладко и просто, и значительно сокращает Ваши затраты на отправку международных SMS. Работает через компьютер или мобильный и интегрируется с отличными приложениями для вашего iPhone, iPad, iPod или Android устройства.

WebSMS Android отправляет сообщения до 765 символов, знает Unicode, показывает Ваш ​​баланс и легко интегрируется с Мобильным Пакетом My-Cool-SMS.

==== Цены ====

Посылает неограниченные международные SMS с MOBILE ECO и MOBILE EDGE. Работает с MOBILE PREPAID. Никакой оплаты за роуминг.

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/ru/sms-pricing-sms-prepaid-sms-gateway/ref/websms Цены]

==== Начать! ====

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/ru/sms-gateway-sms-app-sms-service-sms-provider-sms-api/ref/websms Начать!]

[http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/downloads/detail?name=Connector-my-cool-sms.com-2.1.apk Загрузить WebSMS Connector]


== 	繁体中文 · My-Cool-SMS · 最智慧地發送簡訊 ==

使用My-Cool-SMS發送簡訊至行動電話和接收簡訊到您的My-Cool-SMS線上電話號碼. 當發送海外簡訊時, 它既快速又靈巧, 不但簡單而且省錢. 它能夠在電腦, 行動裝置上工作並且針對iphone, ipad, ipod或Android裝置結合了優質的應用程式

WebSMS Android 發送簡訊高至765個字元, 能辨識Unicode, 顯示您的餘額且完美地結合My-Cool-SMS行動套裝版

==== 價格 ====

使用My-Cool-SMS MOBILE ECO 和 MOBILE EDGE發送國際簡訊. 用行動預付也可以. 完全沒有任何漫遊費用

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/cht/sms-pricing-sms-prepaid-sms-gateway/ref/websms 價格]

==== 準備開始! ====

[http://www.my-cool-sms.com/cht/sms-gateway-sms-app-sms-service-sms-provider-sms-api/ref/websms 準備開始!]

[http://code.google.com/p/websmsdroid/downloads/detail?name=Connector-my-cool-sms.com-2.1.apk 下載 WebSMS Connector]